Initial Commit
@tags: blog python
@date: 28-10-2015 13.00

Well every programmer and their gran has a blog now so I guess it is about high time I got on the bandwagon. I'm sure people will want to know exactly what I think about the latest sweet JS LIBZ.

The design is possibly horrifying, considering the distinct lack of a silky smooth sans-serif carefully designed by typographic artisans hand tweaking every bezier to follow the golden ratio in order to fill designers with a calm sense of well-being. Honestly, I am a bad person for just not using system fonts. But this was My Vision™ and I kind of like it.

I looked into using other static site generators before rolling my own, as every good dev does. They're all great, really great. But you know sometimes you get that odd feeling when you're in an entirely strange place where you don't speak the language and you're not quite sure how anything works? Not like you're in danger or anything, just that you want to have a little bit of familiarity so you go and buy pizza or a beer or something because pizza and beer tends to be similar in most places. Anyway that's why I wrote [my own][blarg]. Not that I really want anyone to use it. It took a day of just hammering keys, wanting to get it _done_. It is _not_ beautiful code.

## README

In the interests of filling space, and to remind myself in case I ever get amnesia I'm going to explain how it works. Put blarg next to 4 folders:

    posts/ pages/ static/ templates/

Posts and pages contain your content, blog and persistent respectively. Static is where you put any other stuff. As a bonus, SCSS files will be compiled to CSS. Templates contains the HTML skeleton.

Posts or pages can be .md or .whatever. Everything is spewed into a directory, accidentally creating an archive and tags page on the way. It's all static HTML. All the way down.

Usage? Sure:

    :::bash
    blarg output_dir

Arguments? What arguments?? What could you _possibly need_ to configure?!

[blarg]: https://github.com/vixus0/blarg "blarg on github"
